README.md, before:

# Trocador anonpay bot

This is a telegram bot for the generation of trocador anonpay urls

## Demo

Coming soon!

## Features

* [X] Set coin and address
* [X] Gather Anonpay url
* [X] Change Anonpay design
* [X] Change Anonpay options
* [ ] Automatically validate user input e.g the receiving address
* [X] Get Tor & I2P links
* [ ] Localized bot language
* [ ] Demo bot hosting
* [ ] Save and Load configurations
* [ ] Get notifications for ongoing tansfers via the bot
* [X] Reset conversation with the `/reset` command

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.9+
- A [Telegram bot](https://core.telegram.org/bots#6-botfather) and its token (see [tutorial](https://core.telegram.org/bots/tutorial#obtain-your-bot-token))

## Credits

- [Anonpay](https://trocador.app/en/anonpay/) from [Trocador](https://trocador.app/en/)
- [python-telegram-bot](https://python-telegram-bot.org)

## Donations

If you find this project useful, please consider donating to the following address:

89ZYSD9nyFxZS1zrZaB9Z4giuv776AeKTMXVRWPMkZDtau7wF2DCgqc1tH9zAVszPTP9XTSnhLT4rYUhW6oP8okeS56Jbdc

or if you want to donate to Trocador do that[here](https://trocador.app/en/about/https:/)

## Disclaimer

This is a personal project and is not affiliated with Trocador in any way.

## License

This project is released under the terms of the GPL 3.0 license. For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file included in the repository.

Commit message:

Added images and preview gif

README.md, after:

# Trocador anonpay bot

This is a telegram bot for the generation of trocador anonpay urls

## Demo

The bot is currently availiable on Telegram at [@trocador_anonpay_bot](https://t.me/trocador_anonpay_bot)

## Screenshots

Here is a preview video:

![preview.gif](https://s6.gifyu.com/images/S65Cs.gif)


| <img src="images/start.png" width="200"/> | <img src="images/info.png" width="200"/> | <img src="images/options" width="200"/> | <img src="images/all_option_menus.png" width="200"/> |
| :-----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------: |
|                   Start                   |                 Overview                 |                 Options                 |                   All option menus                   |

## Features

* [X] Set coin and address
* [X] Gather Anonpay url
* [X] Change Anonpay design
* [X] Change Anonpay options
* [ ] Automatically validate user input e.g the receiving address
* [X] Get Tor & I2P links
* [ ] Localized bot language
* [ ] Demo bot hosting
* [ ] Save and Load configurations
* [ ] Get notifications for ongoing tansfers via the bot
* [X] Reset conversation with the `/reset` command

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.9+
- A [Telegram bot](https://core.telegram.org/bots#6-botfather) and its token (see [tutorial](https://core.telegram.org/bots/tutorial#obtain-your-bot-token))

## Credits

- [Anonpay](https://trocador.app/en/anonpay/) from [Trocador](https://trocador.app/en/)
- [python-telegram-bot](https://python-telegram-bot.org)

## Donations

If you find this project useful, please consider donating to the following address:

89ZYSD9nyFxZS1zrZaB9Z4giuv776AeKTMXVRWPMkZDtau7wF2DCgqc1tH9zAVszPTP9XTSnhLT4rYUhW6oP8okeS56Jbdc

or if you want to donate to Trocador do that[here](https://trocador.app/en/about/https:/)

## Disclaimer

This is a personal project and is not affiliated with Trocador in any way.

## License

This project is released under the terms of the GPL 3.0 license. For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file included in the repository.
